1). What are the conditions that trigger landslide?
a) Heavy rain   b) Earthquake  c) Fire   d) Volcano

2).Which of the following are the steps that prevent landslide occuring?
a) Improving surafce and subsurface drainage
b) constructing piles and retaining walls
c) Burn the bushes
d) Plantation on the slope
Ans:- a,b,d

3). What should you do if you suspect danger of a landslide?
a) Get to higher ground    b)Make an air bubble    c) Evacuate    d) Go inside the house

4). What is the landslide warning sign?
a) Sticking doors and windows frame                                 b) Tilting trees, retaining walls or fences
c) Small slips, rockfalls and subsidence at the bottom of slopes    d) Increaing temperature
Ans:-a,b,c

5). What item should be in your emergency kit?
a) Calender    b) medical kit    c) Food packets    d) Radio and batteries
Ans:-b,d

6). Assuming you are not in immediate danger, which of these is a sensible things to do before leaving when
evacuating your home because of a landslide?
a) Panic and scream, causing chaos and disorder
b) Get distracted by television or radio
c) Run extremely fast
d) Turn off all electrical items and the main switch

7). Which of these are landslide prone states in India?
a) Maharastra
b) Sikkim
c) Bihar
d) Uttrakhand
Ans:-a,b,d

8). What are the human reasons for landslide?
a) Deforestation
b) Uncontrolled and unregulated mining
c) Roadworks on hillsides
d) Air pollution

9). What are the major geological causes of landslide?
a) Weak and sensitive materials
b) Shrink and swell weathering
c) Acid rain
d) Soil erosion

10).It is greater chance of landslide if the slope of the terrain is high due to more shearing stress.
The steeper a slope is, the greater the____
a) Shearing stress cause landslide
b) Friction and prevent landslide
c) Pressure 
d) Temperature 

11).How do plants prevent landslides?
a) Trees minimize soil erosion from surface water runoff and flooding.
b) Trees makes a bond with soil through its root and restrict the flow of land durig landslide.
c) Trees release oxygen.
d) Trees minize air pollurion.
Ans:-a,b

12). Which types of tree prevent more to landslide
a) Taller tree.
b) Trees having branched root.
c) Trees which release more oxygen.
d) Trees having large size.

Ans:-b,d


13). What percentage of Area in India is landslide prone hazardous zone?
a) 7% 
b) 12%
c) 40%
d) 80%
Ans:-b

14). There have been numerous catastrophic landslides in recent history. which event
is associated with the greatest loss of life?
a) EI Salvador(1982)
b) Catak, Turkey(1988)
c) Hong kong(1972)
d)Kedarnath, India(2013)

15). Which type of mass movement(landslide) is most universal regardless of terrain, rock type and climate?
a) Rock falls
b) Solifuction
c) Debris flow
d) creep
Ans:-d


16). What should you do after a landslide?
a) Inspect the damage caused by landslide
b) Stay away from slide area
c) Aware people to away from that area
d) None of the above

17). Assume you are inside your house and landslide started.
What will you do?
a) Evacuate, Getting out of the path of a landslide.
b) Curl into a tight ball and protect your head if escape is not possible.
c) See the view of landslide.
d) Do nothing.
Ans:- a,b

18). What should we avoid during a lanslide?
a) Stay near river valleys and other low areas
b) Walk and drive freely anywhere
c) Cross the flooded river
d) Listen the radio broadcast.
Ans:- a,b,c

19). What things your remind during evacuation from landslide zone?
a) Landslide move very quickly so remove yourself as fast as you can from the path of the landslide.
b) Before crossing any bridges look upstream.
c) Avoid the path in which you have to cross rivers.
d) Just evacuate through anypath.
Ans:-a,b,c

20). It is known that most of the materials are stable upto certain angle- “Critical angle” or “angle of repose” 
– it varies from 30 degree for unconsolidated sediments to 90 degree for massive rocks and 60-90 degree for partially jointed rocks.
What is the angle for normal land having no mountain valley cause landslide?
a) 0-15 degree
b) 30-45 degree
c) 45-60 degree
d) It don't depend on angle

